Prepare k8s release docs (#57)
canonical/k8s-operator: docs/releases/stable/index.md

```

Where `risk` represents the channel the most stable available risk of the snap. 

For example) `1.30-classic/beta` is the most stable shown below
```sh
⚡ snap info k8s | grep 1.30            
  1.30-classic/stable:    --                                    
  1.30-classic/candidate: --                                    
  1.30-classic/beta:      v1.30.0-beta.0 2024-03-13 (140) 107MB classic
  1.30-classic/edge:      ^                                     
```

Commit, and raise a new PR into the `release_1.xx`

### Pin pip versions of all python dependencies
In order to reproduce charm builds, we should pin the python dependencies of at least
the charm code.  The pinning should take place using a specific version of python
in order to ensure compatibility with the base os release. One can use `pyenv` to help
create python environments locally to help freeze the requirements.txt

| base                     | python |
| ---                      | ---    |
| ubuntu@20.04 (**focal**) | 3.8    |
| ubuntu@22.04 (**jammy**) | 3.10   |
| ubuntu@24.04 (**noble**) | 3.12   |

Choose the environment based build-on base in `charms/worker/k8s/charmcraft.yaml`

> In the following example, building on focal yields packages for py38.

Reviewer: Should we use `python 3.8` instead of `py38`?

```yaml
  - build-on:
    - name: ubuntu
      channel: "20.04"
      architectures: [amd64]
```

> So create a py38 environment, and freeze those libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a python 3.8 environment, and freeze the libraries.
```

> Then create a PR to merge into the release branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then create a PR to merge into the release branch.
```

Task:
```sh
pyenv install 3.8
pyenv virtualenv 3.8 k8s-operator
pyenv activate k8s-operator
git switch release_1.xx
git checkout -b task/pip-pinning/release-1.xx
pip install -r charms/worker/k8s/requirements.txt
pip freeze > charms/worker/k8s/requirements.txt
```

### Build charms from the release branches

Raising a PR, passing the integration tests, and merging into the release

> branch should publish the charm to the upstream `1.xx/beta` channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
branch should publish the charm to the upstream `1.xx/beta` channel.
```

## Internal verification

### Run **validate-k8s-release-upgrade** job

**Job**: https://jenkins.canonical.com/k8s-ps5/job/validate-k8s-release-upgrade/

This validates the deployment using charms from the `$prev/stable` channel,
then performing an upgrade to `1.xx/beta`. The tests are parameterized to

> run on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run on: 
```

* multiple series
* multiple architectures
* multiple clouds (aws/azure/gcp/vsphere)

### Notify Solutions QA

At the end of the first week and assuming all major blockers are resolved, the
release is passed over to Solutions QA (SQA) for sign-off. This is done by
[publishing a CI release](https://github.com/charmed-kubernetes/jenkins/releases/new)

> with a new `1.xx` tag and informing SQA of that tag. They will then have the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a new `1.xx` tag and informing SQA of that tag. The SQA team will have the
```

remaining week to test and file bugs so engineering can work towards getting

> them resolved prior to GA.

Reviewer 2: super small nit: GA is never introduced. Some people may not know the abbreviation.

### CNCF Conformance

**Job**: https://jenkins.canonical.com/k8s-ps5/job/conformance-cncf-k8s/

> Sync `canonical/k8s-conformance` main from upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync `canonical/k8s-conformance` main from upstream.
```

- https://github.com/canonical/k8s-conformance

Confirm passing results, then create a PR against the upstream `k8s-conformance`
repo.

> And opened an upstream PR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, open an upstream PR:
```

- https://github.com/cncf/k8s-conformance/pull/XXXXX

> **Note**: CNCF requires a sign-off. After confirming results, issue a
`git commit --amend --signoff` on the branch prior to submitting the PR.

## Performing the release

### Document release notes

- Bugfixes
- Enhancements
- Known Limitations/Issues

### Promote charms to stable
**Job**: https://github.com/canonical/k8s-operator/actions/workflows/promote_charm.yaml

Run the workflow from a branch, select `release_1.xx`, 
* Choose `Charm` - `all`
* Choose `Origin Channel`- `beta`
* Choose `Destination Channel` - `stable`

![promote charm options](promote-charm.png)

### Send announcement

Email announcement to k8s-crew with any relevant information.

> 

Reviewer 2: should we also add a section about how backports are handled in this release process?

Author: Cool, i'll add another document for this called `bug-fix`
